LESSONS_LEARNED.md, before:


# Lessons Learned Template

This document captures lessons learned from using different programming languages in our project.

## Python

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- Quite smooth experience.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- my mac cannot install MarkupSafe==3.0.2, so I choosed MarkupSafe==2.1.1 instead.

## TypeScript

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- Quite smooth experience.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- Everything looks ok.

## Rust

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- I learned about how to install rust and how to initiate a new project.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- I spend some time dealing with CORS and my copilot used a rare library at the first time. After it used a better library, I successfully implemented my backend.

## Ruby

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- It is quite smooth! 

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- installing gems and troubleshooting is fun!

## C#

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- Placeholder for insights or observations made while using this language.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- Placeholder for any challenges, issues, or interesting bugs encountered.

## General Reflections

### Key Takeaways
- Once we get the idea of a backend, languages are not the problem.

### Future Improvements
- I tried to use C to implement the backend after class. I have spend ~2 hours on this and used 2 AI companions to fix the code. I found that the mongoose library for C is very outdated and even LLMs cannot have the most relevant method names right. Anyway after hours of effort I decided to switch to languages that are designed for web dev, such as C# or Ruby. Still it is a great experience (Can we do this in Assembly? [doge face]).

Commit message:

done adding readme to c# folder

LESSONS_LEARNED.md, after:


# Lessons Learned Template

This document captures lessons learned from using different programming languages in our project.

## Python

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- Quite smooth experience.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- my mac cannot install MarkupSafe==3.0.2, so I choosed MarkupSafe==2.1.1 instead.

## TypeScript

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- Quite smooth experience.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- Everything looks ok.

## Rust

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- I learned about how to install rust and how to initiate a new project.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- I spend some time dealing with CORS and my copilot used a rare library at the first time. After it used a better library, I successfully implemented my backend.

## Ruby

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- It is quite smooth! 

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- installing gems and troubleshooting is fun!

## C#

### What Did We Learn About This Language?
- I learned about dotnet and all the commands.

### Interesting Problems Encountered
- It seems that the tests should be inplemented to a new project, otherwise there will be two entrance of the program?
- the bin folder should be git ignored!

## General Reflections

### Key Takeaways
- Once we get the idea of a backend, languages are not the problem.

### Future Improvements
- I tried to use C to implement the backend after class. I have spend ~2 hours on this and used 2 AI companions to fix the code. I found that the mongoose library for C is very outdated and even LLMs cannot have the most relevant method names right. Anyway after hours of effort I decided to switch to languages that are designed for web dev, such as C# or Ruby. Still it is a great experience (Can we do this in Assembly? [doge face]).
